Tesla is a competitive dancer
Zhao Zilong will not be his opponent
Trash, you also pair the god of war to point and point
Luming, stop talking
So easy, the Longevity Coke is mine, my lord, I'll help you
Are you courting death? Shut up
If it weren't for you trash looking for someone else
So far, the majesty of the God of War has been destroyed
How can the god of war be defeated?
Descendants of the dragon are
How can a group of weak and poor people do this?
Even the God of War is no match for him
It's over.
Is it true that no one in the Dragon Kingdom can stand alone?
If the Dragon King were not invisible
How can you wait?
You are so presumptuous
Dragon, what if he comes?
He will only end up worse than you
Upside down black buried
Confuse the crowd with words to spread the dragon